Q1)How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
ans: Using fc on windows(similarly using diff in mac or linux) helped me compare the difference in two files that were passed, which of the lines were added 
and which lines where deleted. I could compare if there was any typos in the files.

Q2)How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having access to the previous files can help us compare the different versions as well switch to a previous version, if the new edited version has given you any 
error, or the new version is not desirable.

Q3)What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?
ans: The advantages are that we can avoid saving different versions unnecessarily, and we can determine and confirm that we have made a logical change before 
committing to the change. The disadvantages is that it is prone to user error, such as forgetting to commit after we have made a logical change.

Q4)Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
ans: I think normally git stores some programs and codes, in which the files are inter-dependant on each other, so it is necessary for git to save multiple files 
in one commit.whereas in google docs we normally save general files which may not be dependant on other files, so google docs does not need to save multiple files 
in each commit.

Q5)How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
ans:git log will help you list different commits according to their commit ID and the time they were created.
you can use git diff <commit ID1> <commit ID2> to find the difference between two different commits.

Q6)How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Using version control, it is easier to move to a version which will not include the bug which is present in the latest version. So the developer will be more 
confident incase he commits and introduces a bug he can track down in which version did he introduce it using the version control system.

Q7)Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Now that I have set up git workspace, I will use it to practice git commands and push it to github, in order to learn how to use github.
